HDDS-16010. Fix lint silently failing and fix existing lint errors (#516)
apache/ozone-site: docs/05-administrator-guide/02-configuration/04-performance/12-short-circuit-local-reads.md

If you configure the `ozone.domain.socket.path` to some value, for example `/dir1/dir2/ozone_dn_socket`, please make sure that both `dir1` and `dir2` are existing directories, but the file `ozone_dn_socket` does not exist under `dir2`. `ozone_dn_socket` will be created by Ozone Datanode later during its startup.

### Example Configuration

To enable short-circuit read, here is an example configuration.

```XML
<property>
   <name>ozone.client.read.short-circuit</name>
   <value>true</value>
</property>
<property>
   <name>ozone.domain.socket.path</name>
   <value>/var/run/ozone_dn_socket</value>
</property>
```

### Security Consideration

To ensure data security and integrity, Ozone will follow the same rules as Hadoop to check permission on the `ozone.domain.socket.path` path as documented in [Socket Path Security](https://wiki.apache.org/hadoop/SocketPathSecurity). It will fail the `ozone.domain.socket.path` verification and disable the feature if the filesystem permissions of the specified path are inadequate. The verification failure message carries detail instruction about how to fix the problem. Following is an example:

:::note

> The path component: '/etc/Hadoop' in '/etc/Hadoop/ozone_dn_socket' has permissions 0777 uid 0 and gid 0. It is not protected because it is world-writable. This might help: 'chmod o-w /etc/Hadoop'. For more information: https://wiki.apache.org/hadoop/SocketPathSecurity

Author: These should be code blocks:

```suggestion
The path component: `/etc/hadoop` in `/etc/hadoop/ozone_dn_socket` has permissions 0777 uid 0 and gid 0. It is not protected because it is world-writable. This might help: `chmod o-w /etc/hadoop`. For more information: https://wiki.apache.org/hadoop/SocketPathSecurity
```
